Commit Conventional
<type>(scope)"optional": <description> <ticket number> "optional for JIRA"

<body>"optional"
<footer>"optional"

<type>
1. build : The commit alters the build system or external dependencies of the product (adding, removing, or upgrading dependencies)
2. change : The commit changes the implementation of an existing feature
3. chore : The commit includes a technical or preventative maintenance task that is necessary for managing the product or the repository, but it is not tied to any specific feature or user story. For example, releasing the product can be considered a chore. Regenerating generated code that must be included in the repository could be a chore
4. ci : The commit makes changes to continuous integration or continuous delivery scripts or configuration files
5. deprecate : The commit deprecates existing functionality, but does not remove it from the product. For example, sometimes older public APIs may get deprecated because newer, more efficient APIs are available. Removing the APIs could break existing integrations so the APIs may be marked as deprecated in order to encourage the integration developers to migrate to the newer APIs while also giving them time before removing older functionality
6. docs : The commit adds, updates, or revises documentation that is stored in the repository
7. feat : The commit implements a new feature for the application
8. fix : The commit fixes a defect in the application
9. ops : The commit that affect operational components like infrastructure, deployment, backup, recovery, etc
10. perf : The commit improves the performance of algorithms or general execution time of the product, but does not fundamentally change an existing feature
11. refactor : The commit refactors existing code in the product, but does not alter or change existing behavior in the product
12. remove : The commit removes a feature from the product. Typically features are deprecated first for a period of time before being removed. Removing a feature from the product may be considered a breaking change that will require a major version number increment
13. revert : The commit reverts one or more commits that were previously included in the product, but were accidentally merged or serious issues were discovered that required their removal from the master branch
14. security : The commit improves the security of the product or resolves a security issue that has been reported
15. style : The commit updates or reformats the style of the source code, but does not otherwise change the product implementation
16. test : The commit enhances, adds to, revised, or otherwise changes the suite of automated tests for the product
